Add release note for v0.16.0 (#467)
open-cluster-management-io/open-cluster-management-io.github.io: content/en/docs/release/_index.md

Open Cluster Management has approximately a three to four month release cycle. The current release is `v0.15.0`.
Continue reading to view upcoming releases:

## `0.16.0`, 16 March. 2025
The Open Cluster Management team is exicted to announce the release of OCM v0.16.0 with many new
features:

Breaking Changes:
- Addon is defaulted to be managed by addon-manager: this is the part of addon evolution work starting
from release 0.14.0, and we will disable the self-managed installation of addon in `v0.16.0`. Each addon
will need to upgrade the addon-framework to a version equal or higher than `v0.8.2`

Other notable features:

> - Register cluster to EKS hub: user can now start a EKS cluster as the hub cluster and register other

Reviewer: - Register cluster to EKS hub: user can now use an EKS cluster as a hub cluster and register other
EKS clusters with it, utilizing [EKSA IRSA](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html) and [EKS Access Entries](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/access-entries.html) features in AWS, see this [doc](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/ocm/tree/main/solutions/joining-hub-and-spoke-with-aws-auth)
on how to enable and use this feature.

Author: updated

Open Cluster Management has approximately a three to four month release cycle. The current release is `v0.15.0`.
Continue reading to view upcoming releases:

> ## `0.16.0`, 16 March. 2025

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## `0.16.0`, 16 March 2025

```

The Open Cluster Management team is exicted to announce the release of OCM v0.16.0 with many new
features:

Breaking Changes:
- Addon is defaulted to be managed by addon-manager: this is the part of addon evolution work starting

> from release 0.14.0, and we will disable the self-managed installation of addon in `v0.16.0`. Each addon

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from release 0.14.0, and the self-managed installation of addons is disabled in `v0.16.0`. Each addon
```

> will need to upgrade the addon-framework to a version equal or higher than `v0.8.2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will need to upgrade the addon-framework to a version equal or higher than `v0.8.2`
- (Policy framework) The compliance history API has been removed due to lack of interest.
- (Policy framework) Kubernetes v1.16 is no longer supported with the removal of the `v1beta1` CustomResourceDefinition manifests.
```

> Other notable features:

Reviewer 2: ...since the "breaking changes" section isn't a feature 😅 

```suggestion
Notable features:
```

  EKS clusters with it, utilizing [EKS IRSA](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html)
  and [EKS Access Entries](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/access-entries.html) features in AWS,
  see this [doc](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/ocm/tree/main/solutions/joining-hub-and-spoke-with-aws-auth)
  on how to enable and use this feature.
- Auto register CAPI cluster: user can install the CAPI management plane on the OCM hub, and enable
the `ClusterImporter` feature gate on the `ClusterManager`. The CAPI cluster after successfully provisioned
will be automatically registered into the OCM hub.
- Ignore fields update in `ManifestWorks`: when user uses the `ServerSideApply` strategy in Manifestwork, user
can now specify certain fields to be ignored during resource update/override, to avoid apply conflict error.
- Support wildcard of ManifestConfigs in `ManifestWorks`: the `ResourceIdentifier` field in `ManifestWorks` can
now recognize `*` as the wildcard marker, so if there are multiple resources need to use the same `ManifestConfigs`,

> user can now set one `ManifestConfig` with a wildcard `ResourceIdentifier`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
user can now set one `ManifestConfig` with a wildcard `ResourceIdentifier`
- (Policy framework) `OperatorPolicy`: Enhanced operator handling, including approving dependent packages and raising operator deprecation.
- (Policy framework) `ConfigurationPolicy`: An `objectSelector` is added, allowing users to iterate over objects by label without needing `object-templates-raw`. For further filtering, users can invoke the `{{ skipObject }}` Go template function to conditionally skip a particular object template.
- (Policy framework) `ConfigurationPolicy`: The `ObjectName` and `ObjectNamespace` Go template variables are added. The `ObjectNamespace` inherits its value from the `namespaceSelector` while the `ObjectName` inherits its value from the new `objectSelector`.
- (Policy framework) The new `governance-standalone-hub-templating` addon enables hub Go templates (i.e. `{{hub ... hub}}`) for "standalone" policies. This new addon is a further enablement for users to deploy policies using GitOps pointed directly at managed clusters rather that propagating policies through the hub.
```

FYI @gparvin @JustinKuli @yiraeChristineKim
